let's check in with the Weather Center
rush am I the only one who misses our
old pal Jack Frost
temperaturas a local this is me that I
delivered the weather forecast with a
Shakespearean flare weatherman Russ
Richards owes his success to his winning
personality his snowmobile dealership
I'm rockefeller I'm on Broadway I'm
doing the cha-cha-cha and his own table
at Denny's you're Russ Richards aren't
you here let me guess
mmm that's a resume of some sort just
read it everything else you need money
need a pass I told you last time no more
loans he owes to the bank I'm not
selling the South America is about to
change this October I have to ask you
something
I wouldn't blame you if you said no
[Music]
slightly harder so you need someone to
buy the ticket and claim the winning my
cousin Walter could do it he's this
totally straight guy okay ba rise
pictures and Studio canal presents short
and sweet I want half the money
Travolta killing me Lisa Kudrow now
that's just your anger talking paramedic
said there was nothing anyone could have
done
I'm in shock no his last words were you
and Russ deserve to have that money
all right key lime pie
lucky numbers oh it's so sad it's just
so sad
one of sex yeah
[Music]